c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.exe.config
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.exe
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.pdb
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.g.resources
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.exe
c:\users\ferenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.pdb
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozivagyfilm.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozivagyfilm.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmek.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmek.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmfeltolt.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozifeltolt.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\uzemeltetovalasztas.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmfeltolt.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozifeltolt.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\uzemeltetovalasztas.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozihely.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozihely.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.exe.config
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.exe
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.pdb
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.exe
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.pdb
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmek.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmfeltolt.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozifeltolt.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozivagyfilm.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\uzemeltetovalasztas.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozihely.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmek.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmfeltolt.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozifeltolt.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozivagyfilm.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\uzemeltetovalasztas.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozihely.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.g.resources
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.exe.config
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.exe
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\bin\Debug\Moziwpf.pdb
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmek.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmfeltolt.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozifeltolt.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozivagyfilm.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\uzemeltetovalasztas.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozihely.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmek.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\filmfeltolt.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozifeltolt.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozivagyfilm.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\uzemeltetovalasztas.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\mozihely.baml
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.g.resources
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.exe
C:\Users\Ferenc\Desktop\alap\NJ\WPF\Moziwpf\Moziwpf\obj\Debug\Moziwpf.pdb
